Add quality metrics (#45)
datajoint/element-miniscope: docs/src/pipeline.md

## Table descriptions

### `reference` schema

+ For further details see the [reference schema API docs](https://datajoint.com/docs/elements/element-miniscope/latest/api/workflow_miniscope/reference/)

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Equipment | Scanner metadata |

### `subject` schema

+ Although not required, most choose to connect the `Session` table to a `Subject` table.

+ For further details see the [subject schema API docs](https://datajoint.com/docs/elements/element-animal/api/element_animal/subject/)

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Subject | Basic information of the research subject. |

### `session` schema

+ For further details see the [session schema API docs](https://datajoint.com/docs/elements/element-session/latest/api/element_session/session_with_datetime/)

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Session | Unique experimental session identifier. |

### `miniscope` schema

+ Tables related to importing and analyzing miniscope data.

+ For further details see the [miniscope schema API docs](https://datajoint.com/docs/elements/element-miniscope/latest/api/element_miniscope/miniscope)

| Table | Description |
| --- | --- |

> | Recording | A table containing information about the equipment used (e.g. the acquisition hardware information). |
> | RecordingInfo |  The metadata about this recording from the Miniscope DAQ software (e.g. frame rate, number of channels, frames, etc.). |
> | MotionCorrection | A table with information about motion correction performed on a recording. |
> | MotionCorrection.RigidMotionCorrection | A table with details of rigid motion correction (e.g. shifting in x, y). |
> | MotionCorrection.NonRigidMotionCorrection and MotionCorrection.Block | These tables describe the non-rigid motion correction. |
> | MotionCorrection.Summary | A table containing summary images after motion correction. |
> | Segmentation | This table specifies the segmentation step and its outputs, following the motion correction step. |
> | Segmentation.Mask | This table contains the image mask for the segmented region of interest. |
> | MaskClassification | This table contains information about the classification of `Segmentation.Mask` into a type (e.g. soma, axon, dendrite, artifact, etc.). |
> | Fluorescence | This table contains the fluorescence traces extracted from each `Segmentation.Mask`. |
> | ActivityExtractionMethod | A table with information about the activity extraction method (e.g. deconvolution) applied on the fluorescence trace. |
> | Activity | A table with neuronal activity traces from fluorescence trace (e.g. spikes). |
> | ProcessingQualityMetrics | Quality metrics used to evaluate the results of the calcium imaging analysis pipeline |
> | ProcessingQualityMetrics.Mask | Quality metrics used to evaluate the masks |
> | ProcessingQualityMetrics.Trace | Quality metrics used to evaluate the fluorescence traces |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AcquisitionSoftware | Software used for miniscope acquisition |
| Channel | Number of channels in the miniscope recording |
| Recording | Information about the equipment used (e.g. the acquisition hardware information). |
| RecordingLocation | Brain location of the miniscope recording |
| RecordingInfo |  Metadata about this recording from the Miniscope DAQ software (e.g. frame rate, number of channels, frames, etc.) |
| RecordingInfo.File | Relative file paths for the recording files |
| ProcessingMethod | Available analysis suites that can be used in processing of the miniscope scans |
| ProcessingParamSet | All parameters required to process a miniscope scan |
| MaskType | All possible classifications of a segmented mask |
| ProcessingTask | Task defined by a combination of Recording and ProcessingParamSet |
| Processing | The core table that executes a ProcessingTask |
| Curation | Curated results |
| MotionCorrection | Results of the motion correction procedure |
| MotionCorrection.RigidMotionCorrection | Details of the rigid motion correction performed on the miniscope data |
| MotionCorrection.NonRigidMotionCorrection | Details of nonrigid motion correction performed on the miniscope data |
| MotionCorrection.NonRigidMotionCorrection.Block | Results of non-rigid motion correction for each block |
| MotionCorrection.Summary | Summary images for each field and channel after motion corrections |
| Segmentation | Results of the segmentation |
| Segmentation.Mask | Masks identified in the segmentation procedure |
| MaskClassificationMethod | Method used in the mask classification procedure |
| MaskClassification | Result of the mask classification procedure |
| MaskClassification.MaskType | Type assigned to each mask |
| Fluorescence | Fluorescence measurements |
| Fluorescence.Trace | Fluorescence traces for each region of interest |
| ActivityExtractionMethod | Method used in activity extraction |
| Activity | Inferred neural activity |
| Activity.Trace | Inferred neural activity from fluorescence traces |
| ProcessingQualityMetrics | Quality metrics used to evaluate the results of the calcium imaging analysis pipeline |
| ProcessingQualityMetrics.Mask | Quality metrics used to evaluate the masks |
| ProcessingQualityMetrics.Trace | Quality metrics used to evaluate the fluorescence traces |
```

Author: Thanks!  I have incorporated your suggestions.
